= One, point, zero! =

I'm extremely proud to announce version 1.00 of [Escarpod] - The UIQ Podcatcher. Version one, point, zero!

After six months of development, more than 11 000 lines of C++ code, over 5000 cumulative downloads, more than 1000 Subversion commits, tons of bugs reports and endless emails discussions, it's ready. It's ready!

It is almost unbelievable to me that this project got this far. It started out as a 17 hour marathon hack from me on a rainy November Saturday, and ended up as the UIQ Application of the Month in May of this year. 

Of course, I didn't manage this all by myself. There are three people that must be thanked endlessly for their help:

 * Lars Persson, who really got the project up to speed. He is the principal author of the UI code, and kept constantly improving Escarpod. As a side effect, much of what I know about Symbian coding comes from studying his work.
 * Alan Eddie, who drew all our graphics, giving Escarpod the beautiful UI it has. And at the end of the day, to the user the UI is the program!
 * Lasse Olsson, who came in late, fixing lots of memory leaks and improved stability and responsiveness greatly. 
 
This project taught me a lot about professional software development and project management. As many before me have learnt, making a product out of a pile of code is really, really hard! And still, we managed!

Finally, a thanks to all our users, and everybody who helped in any way! I couldn't have done this by myself!

So, go ahead and download Escarpod 1.0 from [http://code.google.com/p/bergamot/downloads/list our downloads page], and enjoy!

Teknolog