#summary A pocket full of snails

= Escarpod =

Escarpod is a podcatcher (downloader and player of podcasts) for cell phones that run the UIQ graphical environment. This includes many of the higher end Sony Ericsson phones, as well as some Motorola Z-series phones. See supported phones below for a complete list.

Notable features include:

  * Automatic RSS feed updating
  * Automatic downloading
  * Cover art

You can download the latest version below, and see some screenshots further down the page.

== Download ==

The following versions are available for download. All previous versions, as well as the complete source code is available in our Subversion repository.

  * Escarpod beta 2 | [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/Podcast/tags/beta2/group/Podcast_udeb_signed.sis SIS] | [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/Podcast/tags/beta2 code]
    * New icons
    * Bug fixes
    * Swedish translation

The complete list of releases can be found [EscarpodReleases here].

== Credits ==

Escarpod was started by Sebastian Brännström, a.k.a Teknolog. Much help was received from Lars Persson, a.k.a. AnotherGuest, who did most of the UI as well as code improvement. Alan Eddie drew all icons.

== Screenshots ==

http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/escarpod01.jpg http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/escarpod02.jpg http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/escarpod03.jpg

== Data plan warning == 

Before you start using Escarpod, check your data rates with your access provider. Many charge exorbitant fees, and downloading large files such as podcasts may force you to sell your house.

Many provides offer flat rate fees that allow you unlimited data for a more reasonable charge.

If your phone supports it, using your own wireless LAN is a great option. Escarpod allows you to specify a connection.

== Supported Phones ==

All UIQ 3 based phones should work, however Escarpod has been explicitly tested on the following phones.

  * Sony Ericsson
    * P1
    * P990
    * M600
    * W950
    * W960

  * Motorola
    * Z8

== Feature suggestions ==

Add any ideas as comments to this wiki page, or mail us at bergamot@googlegroups.com, or write directly in the [http://groups.google.com/group/bergamot discussion group].

== License ==

Escarpod is licensed under the GPL version 3 open source license. The autors retain the right to dual license this program for commercial purposes.