_because UIQ provides everything but..._

== What ==
KitchenSync is a utility for periodic synchronization of data in UIQ3 with internet servers. It makes use of the existing SyncML support in the system, and adds timing capabilities.

The code tagged as "alpha2" in subversion is stable and works well. I run it constantly on my Sony Ericsson P1i.

== Why == 

This program was written for two reasons. Firstly, UIQ mysteriously lacks the ability to periodically trigger synchronization of data. Secondly, I needed a project to learn Symbian programming.


== Releases ==
The complete source code is found in the subversion repository. Compiled binaries for each release exists as well. Note that these are unusable without signing them yourself. See "Issues" below.

  * Alpha 3 (soon!)
    * New client/server architecture, which enables
    * Automatic start at phone bootup

  * Alpha 2 (2007-10-22)
    * Will now remember settings between starts, however
    * Still does not start when phone boots
    * Download
      * [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/KitchenSync/tags/alpha2 Source]
      * [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/KitchenSync/tags/alpha2/group/KitchenSync_unsigned.sis SIS] 

  * Alpha 1 (2007-10-14)
    * First working release
    * Download
      * [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/KitchenSync/tags/alpha1 Source] 
      * [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/KitchenSync/tags/alpha1/group/KitchenSync_unsigned.sis SIS]

== Issues ==

Symbian 9/UIQ 3 requires programs that make use of more than basic functionality to be signed before they can be installed on a device. KitchenSync makes use of the following capabilities of Symbian that require signing:

  * LocalServices 
  * NetworkServices 
  * ReadDeviceData
  * ReadUserData

Right now the only way to make KitchenSync work on your device is to get your own developer certificate, and sign it for your very phone. 

Once I reach production quality I will submit KitchenSync for open source signing.