= Podcast Player Project =

The aim of this project is to create a fully functional podcatcher, in the spirit of for instance [http://www.blogs.s60.com/nokiapodcasting/ Nokia Podcasting]. There is working [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/Podcast/trunk code] in Subversion, as well as the latest [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/Podcast/trunk/group/Podcast_udeb_signed.sis debug build].

The intention is to release one alpha version every week. I intend to have a fully functional beta version by christmas at the latest.

Oh, and Podcast Player Project is just a placeholder name. Come up with something better!

= How to use =

  # Install on your phone
  # Run the program
  # Choose Subscriptions
  # Choose one of the pre-configured subscriptions, the feed is downloaded and parsed
  # Download an episode by selecting it (WARNING! the download can't be stopped, and may be very large)
  # When the Download is complete, go back to the main menu
  # Choose Episodes
  # Select a file to play it
  # Select again to pause and again to resume
  # Add your own feeds by editing d:\podcasts\feeds.cfg, the syntax is "title|URL" without the quotes.

= Releases = 

  * Alpha 1 (November 11th) |  [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/Podcast/tags/alpha1 code] | [http://bergamot.googlecode.com/svn/Podcast/tags/alpha1/group/Podcast_udeb_signed.sis SIS]
    * Plays MP3 and AAC from memory card (must be in D:\podcasts)
    * Fetches and parses RSS 2.0 feeds
    * Feeds are defined in the plain text D:\podcasts\feeds.cfg
    * Downloads audio files from feeds
    * Rudimentary UI

= Planning =

This is how I plan to implement features. Please help me find out what's important!

  * Alpha 2 (November 18th)
    * Improved UI
    * Volume control
    * More Configuration
    * Support for other feeds (Atom, RSS 0.9, any more?)

  * Alpha 3 (November 25th)
      * Proper feed handling, i.e. know what's new
      * ID3 parsing
      * Check connection type, option to download only on WLAN

= Ideas =

  * Download RSS in the background
  * Download MP3/whatever format
  * Manual/automatic download
  * Automatic check if on WLAN or 3G, option to download only on WLAN
  * Notify the user of a new podcast
  * Keep track of position inside audio file, even between restarts, and for multiple podcasts at a time

= Help! =

Please help me out with the podcast project! If you don't think you can help, I think you're wrong. Most people can do at least one of the below:

  * Feedback
  * Feature ideas
  * Graphics, icons etc. (please!)
  * UI design
  * Coding

Add any ideas as comments to this wiki page, or contact me at teknolog (at) gmail (dot) com.

= Links =
These links might give us ideas

  * [http://www.mobiedge.ca/index_files/page0002.htm Mobiedge Radio]
  * [http://www.blogs.s60.com/nokiapodcasting/ Nokia Podcasting]
  * [http://www.spodtronic.com/ Spodtronic]